readme.md, before:

A free scheduling tool for within VRML made by Jonesy and Capzay.

It uses the VRML API, in which some parts of this code are ripped from another project by *jonesy* which is not public.

In creating this, we aim to make a tool which can be used by **anyone** with simplicity in mind. 

We aim to eventually have a website made for this tool, but it will be **mainly** discord oriented.

If you wish to support us, we will provide links to do so <3

Find out more about Jonesy on https://Jonesyvr.uk 

Folders:

API_Tests

> Team_By_Name - Allows you to search for a specific game, and team, and returns direct API Call.

> Player_By_Name - Searches the **whole** of VRML for a player.

> Detailed_Team_Fetch - Searches for a team, by name, then by ID. Stores output in **team_by_ID** with ID as file name.

> Players_In_team - Allows you to search a team by name, and returns all plauers in this team.

> Matches_By_Game - Allows matches to be found by game name. Stores output in 2 jsons, filtered and non found in **Match_By_Game** folder, with Game name in it.



Discord_Bot:

Commit message:

Added Player_ID_Fetch + Docu

readme.md, after:

A free scheduling tool for within VRML made by Jonesy and Capzay.

It uses the VRML API, in which some parts of this code are ripped from another project by *jonesy* which is not public.

In creating this, we aim to make a tool which can be used by **anyone** with simplicity in mind. 

We aim to eventually have a website made for this tool, but it will be **mainly** discord oriented.

If you wish to support us, we will provide links to do so <3

Find out more about Jonesy on https://Jonesyvr.uk 

Folders:

API_Tests

> Team_By_Name - Allows you to search for a specific game, and team, and returns direct API Call.

> Player_By_Name - Searches the **whole** of VRML for a player.

> Detailed_Team_Fetch - Searches for a team, by name, then by ID. Stores output in **team_by_ID** with ID as file name.

> Players_In_team - Allows you to search a team by name, and returns all plauers in this team.

> Matches_By_Game - Allows matches to be found by game name. Stores output in 2 jsons, filtered and non found in **Match_By_Game** folder, with Game name in it.

> Player_ID_Fetch - Using player name, fetch a user's ID and then search this. This then brings game and match history, and season history.


Discord_Bot:
